[excel] (CultureInfo) Adding culture info article section (#1687)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md

}).catch(errorHandlerFunction);
```

## Access application culture settings (preview)

> A workbook has language and culture settings that affect how certain data is displayed. This settings can help localize data when your add-in user-base is using shared workbooks across different regions. Your add-in can use string parsing to standardize the format of numbers, dates, and times based on the system culture settings.

Reviewer: I think this is what's meant, isn't it?

```suggestion
A workbook has language and culture settings that affect how certain data is displayed. These settings can help localize data when your add-in's users are sharing workbooks across different languages and cultures. Your add-in can use string parsing to localize the format of numbers, dates, and times based on the system culture settings so that each user sees data in their own culture's format.
```

Some culture settings can be [changed through the Excel UI](https://support.office.com/article/Change-the-character-used-to-separate-thousands-or-decimals-c093b545-71cb-4903-b205-aebb9837bd1e). The system settings are preserved in the `CultureInfo` object. Any local changes are kept as [Application](/javascript/api/excel/excel.application)-level properties, such as `Application.decimalSeparator`.

The following sample changes the decimal separator character of a numerical string from a ',' to the character used by the system settings.

```js
// This will convert a number like "14,37" to "14.37"
// (assuming the system decimal separator is ".").
Excel.run(function (context) {
    var sheet = context.workbook.worksheets.getItem("Sample");
    var decimalSource = sheet.getRange("B2");
    decimalSource.load("values");
    context.application.cultureInfo.numberFormat.load("numberDecimalSeparator");

    return context.sync().then(function() {
        var systemDecimalSeparator =
            context.application.cultureInfo.numberFormat.numberDecimalSeparator;

>         var oldDecimalString: string = decimalSource.values[0][0];

Reviewer: Is this line mixing TypeScript (type declared as string) and JavaScript ("var")?

Author: Good catch. Fixed!
